     1. What is react?
     React is a library built on top of js for creating UI built by meta.

     2. Is react library or framework?
     React is a library built on top of js. Its library because its provides more control to the user and donot 
     have strict folder structure built in rules like frameworks like nextjs.

     3. Whts the difference in angular and react?
     React is library and angular is a complete framework. That means react provides more control and freedom abt folder
     structure, routing while angular has strict folder structure and has built in rules and react is also morelightweight 
     compared to angular.
    
     4. what is the rule of node modules folder.
     node module is generated code, so we should never touch and commit it. Node module folder is a place where all 
     our installed external dependencies and libraries are stored for our project. While npm is node package manager which 
     is default package manager for js runtime environment , npm helps to instal and uninstall all the external dependencies and 
     libraries to our project in the node modules folder. 
 
     5. What is package.json?
     package.json is a file that provides overview of all our dependencies and scripts. So, whenever someone downloads 
     our project from github to their computer, npm looks into package.json file and downloads all the dependencies needed in 
     node modules folder.
    
     6. What is the difference between stateful and stateless component?
     The component that has its own dynamic data, managed by usestate hook and can change its data causing itself to rerender 
     are stateful componet. The componenet that donot have its own dynamic data and relies on parent component to manage the data 
     instead of usestate hook are stateless component.

     7. whats the rule of fragment in jsx?
     The rule of fragment implies that every functional components in react should only return single root element. If two
     adjacent elements are returned, then it throws error. So, for this we use react fragment which is an empty tag and wrap
     all our elements inside it.

     8. What is JSX?
     JSX is javascript XML which is a syntax extension for js that allows us to write html and js code in single same file.

     9. Explain lifecycle methods of react.
      There are 3 lifecycle methods of react: Mouting, updating and unmounting. Mounting is wheh component renders for 
      the first time and shown in the screen. Updating is when state changes and component rerenders to update the the UI.
     Unmounting is when component is removed from the UI which usually happens when we navigate to other pages.

     10. how u use useeffect to manage life cycle methods?
     So, we manag it by using dependency array. If we want the code to run only affter component's first render, we keep code
     inside callback function in useeffect and keep dependency array empty. If we want the code to run whenever te satae changes,
     we keep that cariable inside dependency arry. Then if we want the code to run after compoennt unmounts we run a cleanup 
     function which is a function returned inside useeffect.

     11. What is the difference bwtween client side rendering and server side rendering?
     In client side rendering the frontend code is sent to the browser and browser downlaods all the code and runs inside it.
     But in server side rendeing the code runs in the server and the alreadt rendered html page is sent to the browser. So, SSR
     improves performance in this way by reducing initial page load and improving SEO.

     12. what happens if we pass null as dependency array in useeffect?
     So when we use null, it causes infinite loop and crashes the app as the useeffect runs in every single rerender.

     13. Whats the difference in useMemo and useCallback?
     so basially both hooks are used for performance optimization. usememo is used to cache the result of function for example
      sth like big calculations so that they dont run on every rerendering of component funtion. While usecallback is used to 
      memoize the function reference. So in every rerender the the same function is recreated from stratch, so when child 
      component is using the function as prop, then it thinks the prop has changed and rerenders the child component unnecessarily.
      So, usecallback prevents that. 

      14. useEffect(()=>{   useEffect hook with cleanup function. Cleanup functon is a function retuned inside useEffect callback
                            function which runs when the component unmounts and also runs when dependency is changed and useEffect
                            has to run again. it runs first then runs the code in useEffect.

          return ()=>{

          }
      },[])

     15. Whats the difference between context API and redux?
     Both is used for global state management and solve issue like prop drilling. Context API comes builtin with react used for
     smaller applications while redux is completely separate external library used for bigger applications.

     16. What is prop drilling?
     Prop drilling is the process of passing prop from high level parent component through multiple layers of intermidiate
     child components just to reach the deeply nested child component that actually needs the data. 

     17. What is app.jsx?
     app.jsx is a jsx file which is a global layout for our react application where all our components like navbar,
     header, footer goes into. If we are building multi-page website using react router, then it is also a place where
     we define all page urls.

     18. What is the difference between real dom and vitual dom?
     so basically real dom is browser's official javascript object representation of html document which broeser uses to paint 
     the ui and virtual dom is light weight javascript object representation of real dom. And modifying real dom directly is 
     expensive and slow but modifying virtual dom is easy hence, virtual dom is updated first whenever rerender happens and 
     then necessay parts of real dom is changed to update the ui.

     19. How do you validate the forms in react?
     We can validate forms manually using usestate hook to keep track of text inside the controlled elements like input and 
     use event handler onchange to update the state as user types in the input box.

     20. How does the modern frontend build pipeline work, and what roles do tools like Webpack, Vite, and compilers
     play in transforming and optimizing code (including JSX and Tailwind CSS) for the browser?
     So, Browser can only understand plain javascript, html and css files. So, tools like vite bundles all our jsx files in 
     react into plain js, html and css file so that browser can download those files and run inside itself.

     21. What is action in redux?







    